# Particle-Portfolio-template
Particle Jekyll Theme    This is a simple and minimalist template for Jekyll designed for developers that want to show of their portfolio.  The Theme features:  Gulp SASS Sweet Scroll Particle.js BrowserSync Font Awesome and Devicon icons Google Analytics Info Customization Basic Setup  Install Jekyll Fork the Particle Theme Clone the repo you just forked. Edit _config.yml to personalize your site. Site and User Settings  You have to fill some informations on _config.yml to customize your site.  # Site settings description: A blog about lorem ipsum dolor sit amet baseurl: "" # the subpath of your site, e.g. /blog/ url: "http://localhost:3000" # the base hostname &amp; protocol for your site  # User settings username: Lorem Ipsum user_description: Anon Developer at Lorem Ipsum Dolor user_title: Anon Developer email: anon@anon.com twitter_username: lorem_ipsum github_username:  lorem_ipsum gplus_username:  lorem_ipsum Don't forget to change your url before you deploy your site!  Color and Particle Customization  Color Customization Edit the sass variables Particle Customization Edit the json data in particle function in app.js Refer to Particle.js for help Running the blog in local  In order to compile the assets and run Jekyll on local you need to follow those steps:  Install NodeJS Run npm install Run gulp Questions  Having any issues file a GitHub Issue.  License  This theme is free and open source software, distributed under the The MIT License. So feel free to use this Jekyll theme anyway you want.  Credits  This theme was partially designed with the inspiration from these fine folks
